Refactor for duplicate code in contract internal implementations (#3579)
fubuloubu/web3.py: newsfragments/3579.internal.rst

> Move duplicate code into base class in (1) ContractFunction and AsyncContractFunction, (2) ContractEvents and AsyncContractEvents, and (3) ContractFunctions and AsyncContractFunctions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Move duplicate code into ``BaseContract`` class from ``Contract`` and ``AsyncContract``. (1) ``ContractFunction`` and ``AsyncContractFunction`` (2) ``ContractFunctions`` and ``AsyncContractFunctions``, (3) ``ContractEvent`` and ``AsyncContractEvent``, and (4) ``ContractEvents`` and ``AsyncContractEvents``.
```
